v5.0.0-rc.0 (#28093)
mui-org/material-ui: CHANGELOG.md

### [Versions](https://material-ui.com/versions/)

## 5.0.0-rc.0

<!-- generated comparing v5.0.0-beta.5..next -->

_Sep 1, 2021_

A big thanks to the 18 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

> - 🎉 Renamed packages to `@mui/*`. This is part of our effort to expand the scope of the library beyond Material Design. Most of the effort on v5 was about customizability. More details about the [plan](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/27825) and the [why](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/discussions/27803)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🎉 Renamed packages to `@mui/*` as part of rebranding the company, following the strategy of expanding the library scope beyond Material Design. For more details about it, check the [GitHub discussion](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/discussions/27803). 
```

The excerpt _"Most of the effort on v5 was about customizability"_ doesn't seem to make sense to be in this sentence. Although scope renaming is happening in v5, it doesn't have anything objectively related to customizability but rather to a broader strategy of growing out of MD (customizability being a part of that). Makes sense?!

- 🛠 Added `mui-replace` codemod for migrating `@material-ui/*` to new packages `@mui/*`. Check out this [codemod detail](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/next/packages/material-ui-codemod/README.md#mui-replace) or head to [migration guide](https://next.material-ui.com/guides/migration-v4/#preset-safe)
- 🧪 Added new `<Mansory>` component to the lab, [check it out](https://next.material-ui.com/components/masonry/). It has been crafted by our first intern, @hbjORbj 👏!

### `@mui/material@5.0.0-rc.0`

#### Breaking changes

- &#8203;<!-- 33 -->[core] Rename packages (#28049) @mnajdova

>   The packages were renamed. Here is the mapping between the old and new names:

Reviewer 2: I would highlight that `@mui/core` is not the same as `@material-ui/core`. Generally, we just renamed the org. Except for `/core` and `/unstyled`

### [Versions](https://material-ui.com/versions/)

## 5.0.0-rc.0

<!-- generated comparing v5.0.0-beta.5..next -->

_Sep 1, 2021_

A big thanks to the 18 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

> - 🎉 Renamed packages to `@mui/*`. This is our huge step to go beyond being material-design component library. More details about the [plan](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/27825) and the [why](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/discussions/27803)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- 🎉 Renamed packages to `@mui/*`. This is part of our effort to expand the scope of the library beyond Material Design. More details about the [plan](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/27825) and the [why](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/discussions/27803)
```

> - 🎉 Renamed packages to `@mui/*`. This is our huge step to go beyond being material-design component library. More details about the [plan](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/27825) and the [why](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/discussions/27803)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- 🎉 Renamed packages to `@mui/*`. This is our huge step to go beyond being the Material Design component library. More details about the [plan](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/27825) and the [why](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/discussions/27803)
```

> - 🛠 Added `mui-replace` codemod for migrating `@material-ui/*` to new packages `@mui/*`. checkout this [codemod detail](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/next/packages/material-ui-codemod/README.md#mui-replace) or head to [migration guide](https://next.material-ui.com/guides/migration-v4/#preset-safe)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- 🛠 Added `mui-replace` codemod for migrating `@material-ui/*` to new packages `@mui/*`. Check out this [codemod detail](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/next/packages/material-ui-codemod/README.md#mui-replace) or head to [migration guide](https://next.material-ui.com/guides/migration-v4/#preset-safe)
```

> - 🧪 Added new `<Mansory>` component to the lab, [check it out](https://next.material-ui.com/components/masonry/). It has been crafted by our first intern! @hbjORbj 👏.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- 🧪 Added new `<Mansory>` component to the lab, [check it out](https://next.material-ui.com/components/masonry/). It has been crafted by our first intern, @hbjORbj 👏!
```

### `@mui/material@5.0.0-rc.0`

#### Breaking changes

- &#8203;<!-- 32 -->[core] Rename packages (#28049) @mnajdova

  The packages were renamed. Here is the mapping between the old and new names:

  ```
  @material-ui/core -> @mui/material
  @material-ui/system -> @mui/system
  @material-ui/unstyled -> @mui/core
  @material-ui/styles -> @mui/styles
  @material-ui/icons -> @mui/icons-material
  @material-ui/lab -> @mui/lab
  @material-ui/types -> @mui/types
  @material-ui/styled-engine -> @mui/styled-engine
  @material-ui/styled-engine-sc ->@mui/styled-engine-sc
  @material-ui/private-theming -> @mui/private-theming
  @material-ui/codemod -> @mui/codemod
  @material-ui/docs -> @mui/docs
  @material-ui/envinfo -> @mui/envinfo
  ```

>   we encourage you to use the [codemod](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/next/packages/material-ui-codemod/README.md#mui-replace) for smooth migration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  We encourage you to use the [codemod](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/next/packages/material-ui-codemod/README.md#mui-replace) for smooth migration.
```

#### Changes

- &#8203;<!-- 38 -->[Autocomplete] Update warning for `value` prop (#27977) @vedadeepta

> - &#8203;<!-- 37 -->[Button] Create ButtonUnstyled and useButton (#27600) @michaldudak

Reviewer 4: I guess that's more for the Core package (although Material's ButtonBase was also changed to use `useButton`, so it's hard to decide, really)

Reviewer 5: I would add it to the ~`unstyled`~ (haha 😄) `@mui/core` package. Changing the `ButtonBase` to use the hook should be just an internal that does not have any effect on the developers using the library.

Author: Ah, I missed this. I think it should be in ###unstyled section.
